This is a framework which can auto generate the api testcases through the swagger json files or eureka url and service name.
It will make most testers more efficient in writing auto test cases of api if they have the swagger json file of the service of the eureka if the use the microservice framework.
The project uses pytest framework and requests module to execute the api request. It is sample and easy.

How to generate the cases:
1. install python3(most compatible version is 3.7)
2. clone the repository
3. go to the repository directory
4. run the command  pip3 install -r requirements.txt
5. change the configs, go to the configs directory, changes the parameters, eureka(if you want to user the eureka to generate the case by eureka). 
   Then you should go to the common directory, and run the command "python3 generate_test_files.py --service %s --author auther --envflag envFlag --env env", then you will find your test data and test cases in
   test_data directory and tests directory.
6. if you want to generate the case by json files, it is ok too. You can go to the common directory, and run the command "python3 generate_test_files_from_json_file.py --filepath swagger_json_file_path --service serviceName --author author --serviceUrl serviceUrl".
   Then the test cases will be generated by your swagger json file.
7. Change the json files in test_data directory. Then you can run the test cases.


The Advantages:
1. The test case and the test data is separated. Multiple data is support.
2. you can just write the response json data you want to check. It will be checked automatically. If the value is not same with the real response, the case will fail.
3. In you test data, you can parameterize your data.
4. Easy to maintain the testcases.




